[Music]
have you ever wondered if you could
survive a random titan attack
how do you escape or would you fight in
this video we will look at the options
you had if you were in the shoes of
aaron mikasa or armin
for this video i'm splitting up to how
to beat options into different
categories
so if you are a hot-headed boy that
doesn't think stuff through but is
passionate about his goal to the point
of death
then you are the aaron type we're also
called
leroy jenkins if you value your friends
more than anything else and would go to
great length to protect them
with op martial arts skills and jealousy
to the level of you no gassai
then i guess you are the badass yandere
type and if you are physically weak and
lack confidence but sustain and prevail
through mental strength
then you are armin the strategy big
brain type
so as you know we started off in a
district of shiganshina
that means we started out in one of the
weakest economic zones in the attack on
titan universe
that comes along with quite a few
handicaps just like every weak economic
zone our starting point lacks
appropriate resources
which inevitably makes it difficult to
carry out any plan
for example we must assume that we are
starting out being physically and
mentally tired
the reasons for that should be clear our
home district is poor
and that means we most likely lack
nutritious food and this leads to a lack
of physical strength
and endurance we also lack appropriate
raw materials to ensure a well-isolated
home
this adds another layer of exhaustion as
we aren't able to regain our energy
levels with one night of sleep
which normally is the case in this
environment we are
constantly lacking behind considering
all that and then adding the hard
physical labor that people in this
district have to endure on daily basis
we have to admit that our foundation to
survive a random titan attack
is pretty bad therefore let me propose
beat number one
preparation the strategist type
considering there are hundreds of naked
pink titans literally just few hundred
meters away
i think it is safe to assume that they
pose the biggest external threat
at any given moment it wouldn't make
sense to prepare an emergency strategy i
mean there is nothing more stupid than
to live in a present moment without
preparing for the future
at least in some way i mean even among
the most inefficient human being in
terms of material wealth
prepares for death every single day by
practicing mindfulness
whether intentionally or not is not the
point the point is
death and illness will hit and if you
aren't prepared for it then well good
luck is the only thing that could save
you
but we at binge we create our own luck
and so my first idea would be to create
a tunnel system underneath our district
now don't get me wrong i am well aware
that the walls reach far underneath the
ground
therefore it wouldn't be possible to
create an emergency tunnel exit
reaching over to the inner walls my
tunnel system would function more like a
temporary
solution in case of a severe sudden
emergency
which again will happen at some point
whether be in one or a hundred years
but a tunnel system with our given
resources would take a long time to dig
but if andy the friend did it we can do
it too this is a long-term strategy that
mainly ensures the safety of humanity
and not the individual itself sort of
like another wall but in this case the
wall being the ground itself
the advantages are pretty clear titans
are too big in size to enter any tunnel
system
plus the special titans will also have
their difficulties in an underground
labyrinth
while we could escape being eaten up by
giant naked babies with big heads which
is a great way to start
we would soon run into food scarcity
which will lead to another problem that
is capable of wiping us out
therefore the tunnel system is only a
temporary solution once escaped into the
tunnels we are in need of a military
intervention as soon as possible
it would make sense to have strategic
tunnel entrances at every major public
square
as well as near the gates of the inner
walls obviously there must be a food
storage within the system
but in our poor neighborhood that could
become a little problematic
therefore it might be a smarter move to
have individual food storages being
taken care of by each family itself
if the government doesn't like my idea
for whatever reason and refuses to
invest into something like that
i wouldn't care i would dig my own mini
tunnel shelter underneath my house
sort of like a bunker in our world if
the titans arrive
i would hide in there for as long as i
can given the food storages that i have
prepared
once i'm running out preferably a few
days earlier i would pack enough food
for a two-day trip
then i would travel by night into the
direction of the inner gates
i would mainly look for ways through
houses and narrow alleyways to avoid
titans as much as possible
and the fact that titans need sunlight
to function properly is just another big
advantage in this
equation while the general tunnel system
would be a great long-term solution
it takes years to prepare and you know
what also takes years to prepare but
seems to be a pretty cool and solid idea
educate and teach military tactics to
the common people
the titans vary in size and velocity
that's bad because it makes every
encounter unpredictable
fact is without the three-dimensional
gear it won't be possible to fight them
effectively
nor efficiently so what can mere
peasants do
well first let me complain about the
education system within the walls
if i were the supreme leader of that
last bit of humanity i would rule it
like kim jong-un does but minus the
starvation unless it means that i have
to give up my 37 course lunch
anyway the point that i'm trying to make
is education and military rule
ain't so bad you see the
three-dimensional gear in my opinion
should be taught in kindergarten
yep it does take some talent and it does
take some serious effort to acquire that
skill
and yep some will fail just like some
people feel in pretty much everything
they touch
and that's okay
fact is if that gear is taught to
everyone we could ensure a much higher
survival rate
imagine something like this but executed
by random pageants
just a thought of it makes me happy so
two things here
rule the general population with a focus
on an even distribution of basic
military skills
especially the use of 3d gear and have a
biology class about titans
in the case of our remodeled education
system the kids will learn about the
diverse titan categories
the weak spots of titans and pretty much
every other detail that hanji
has passionately discovered over the
past few years
with those two simple changes in ruling
the general population
we could establish a much more stable
society in which the people are taught
to help themselves
rather than being made dependent on the
state but again this too will come with
another set of problems that would be
best kept for another video
but basically we can assume that if a
government shares too much of its power
with the people it runs the risk of
heightened internal struggles
but with the constant threat posed by
the giant pink superhumans outside the
building
i believe a healthy internal solidarity
can be maintained
even with more power being shared but
what do you do in case of an attack with
no way to hide
and the gates of the inner walls being
either destroyed or too far away
what do you do if you didn't
sufficiently prepare no tunnel system no
escape route and no 3d gear
well it looks pretty bad in that case i
guess we either have to hide or
we have to fight so for now let's look
at the aaron and mikasa type
and while eren is that cat that climbs a
40 meter tree without first
contemplating a way back down
mikasa is an annoyed firefighter that
has a big heart for cats
you see those types tend to function in
synergy one is dedicated to add things
up
and the other is here to fix it so here
we go these are my next ideas for the
leroys and yonder types out there
alright you see running into head to
head combat with a 3 meter
pink giant with a mouth as big as
walpole's you will pretty much be eaten
up in an instant
so the leroy approach has to be
remodeled for our purpose here
the only weak spot titans have lies at
the back of their neck
and to leverage that weakness one must
cut through that spot with considerable
depth
[Music]
if you haven't trained that specific
movement i think performing that will
probably end up not so well
so for us simple-minded errant types of
people nope
not gonna work our strength lies in our
passions so
what i would suggest is the following i
would gather those that i can rely most
on presumably my family and my best
friends if they happen to be nearby
a too big of a group is bad and will
result in you becoming a pretzel stick
so i don't recommend that what i would
say is don't stick with more than 5
people unless you plan on using a couple
of them
as bait no offense what we first need to
find is a place where we can rest for
the time being
any underground place would be the best
solution but another place that is
suitable is a narrow space
that is too small for a titan to reach
in luckily the architecture of our
district
includes many narrow alleyways between
the buildings they come in very handy as
they allow us to move around without
being seen
now some of the titans have no problem
in destroying whole buildings and so
hiding between houses is probably one of
the last options to pick
in my opinion you should either hide in
a well-grounded building and sit it out
if you have enough faith in your
military or flee to the inner walls
where you may run into a chance of a
successful escape
either way what we need first is time to
breathe
and if the attack happens during midday
our aim should be to survive until
sunset
the reasons for that are obvious you see
titans aren't famous for their brain
power in fact i don't think they have a
brain
all they can is locate humans reach for
them and
well chop chop chop yep but no thanks
they are dumb and that's a good thing
having dumb enemies is a great way to
showcase your humble sense of undeniable
and godlike superiority don't forget
that
in fact they are somewhat just like
aaron in reverse
so hear me out if you're cornered and
you will be if you can't escape a titan
overrun district
you will either have to kill them or you
will have to hide until someone else
does it for you
but here we're talking about the jenkins
type of person
so a possible move considering the
suicide nature of that type
would be to leverage and not so terribly
thought through george
what i mean is this find a way into the
titan's mouth without being chopped up
then chop yourself through the inside of
its neck stuff it with a gunpowder bomb
and then blow that tighten up from the
inside
i guess you could call it a jager bomb
it's a fact that with a bow and arrow we
can temporarily blind each and every
titan out there
it is also true that most titans really
love to stretch out their jaws
so entering without being killed is also
fairly possible
and there seems to be gunpowder
available in the attack on titan
universe as well
therefore it should be possible to
manufacture a decent explosive
that is able to blow off a titan's head
including the back of their neck
i wouldn't necessarily recommend that
move but hey i mean
to each his own right personally i like
the following idea a bit better
hit and run here's what i mean if you're
cornered and you have to run to save
yourself it should be clear that you
won't be able to run
endlessly perhaps you have a horse and i
tell you living nearby colossal monsters
you better make it your life goal to
save for one anyway if you don't happen
to have one and you're facing a titan
hats on
you better make sure to grab your bow
and arrow and fire at the eyes
that of course implies that you
hopefully have trained sufficiently in
that area
so that too should be taught to kids
while they are still young and receptive
to new knowledge and new skills
two arrows per titan should be
achievable but if you happen to face off
multiple
titans at once then well damn
that's why you should be in a group and
so through that you may have a chance to
prolong your survival just enough
so that you eventually make it until
sunset but let's have a look at qigon
sheena for a second
it is actually a quite interesting
neighborhood as i have mentioned some
time before the architectural design
takes use of narrow alleyways and
closely built structures next to each
other
that's a very smart way to avoid titan
contact i mean compared to the open
field where
you will have no chance whatsoever you
at least have ways to protect yourself
around here
even if we extend that thought to the
usage of the 3d gear
it will become clear quickly that that
design wasn't invented arbitrarily
it does serve an important purpose we
can see that our district isn't all too
big
i think you could walk across it within
an hour or two and that would make a
distance of about just
short of 15 kilometers or 10 miles take
note of that castle over there
if i didn't plan anything and ignorantly
enjoyed a blissful life completely
ignoring the existence of pink
superhumans next by
i would straight up aim for that castle
if an attack should happen
the great thing about castles are
they're generally more stable and
normally come with a dungeon
that means this building is probably the
safest zone within this district
if i didn't have a better plan i would
make it up there with as much food as i
possibly could carry
you see survival isn't a destination it
is a process
every second you survive is a success
and to me
every night seems to be like a
checkpoint during those you may go out
to catch some fresh air
go to scavenge some food and other
resources or just fight with your
refugee fellows whatever another feature
that i want to mention is that kennel
over there
i want to talk about two things here
first if you screwed up everything you
possibly could have screwed up
if you belong to those kind of people
then get your swimsuit ready
and head for a dive because in this
scene we can clearly see that the bars
obstructing the passage are wide enough
for a single person to get through
so if you couldn't make it onto one of
these tiny emergency boats
fear not okay there will be a way
through the water without freezing
yourself to death
right jack yes thank you anyway
writing about this passage made me
wonder if the people in the attack on
titan universe are able to swim
after all they don't have access to any
ocean if anything the ocean to them
seems more like the ending of detective
conan to me
not sure if it exists if that's the case
and since there is more than just one
water reserve throughout the district
learning how to swim might be your last
option in case of a complete meltdown as
we have seen in the first episode
so clearly there are many options you
have at your disposal to escape a titan
attack
but fighting a titan without the help of
a team in a well put strategy is
uh well the odds are pretty bad unless
you have played dark souls on max
difficulty then
i want to be part of your team
additionally there are multiple other
systems that we could implement to
ensure a higher survival rate
especially to facilitate the more
efficient mass exodus when needed
in my opinion having multiple scout
regiments stationed within the pockets
of the walls like shigenjin and roast
makes much more sense
right now they're located in rose which
uh well why
because um they are the only regiments
that regularly leaves the walls right
so with a more strategic placement of
them the first attack could have been
much more effectively prevented
i mean isn't that right mr lee why
[Music]
thank you another idea to defend
yourself against titans without the need
of engaging in direct combat
could be the use of a deep trench you
see to me seeing the beautiful man-made
kennel within our district
makes me wonder what our current limits
are i mean it does look like that it is
possible for us to dig significant
levels of depth
this too would take some time of course
but since the titans mostly attacked the
walls around qigong china only
it would make sense to create a deep
trench specifically around that area
every titan trespassing the walls would
fall into that
now granted the trench would perhaps
just overflow with titans at some point
and lose its efficacy
but the real value as always is time and
so everything that gives us more time to
act and flee
is a good solution in my opinion and
should at least be considered
but one of my favorite ideas is to
relocate the villages to the top of the
walls
the good thing about that is you're
pretty much safe when normal titans are
trespassing the walls downstairs
but if the colossal titan appears then
he would wipe out humanity like i wept
my table after lunch
not good so perhaps we should only
relocate to the top of the inner part of
the shiganjina pocket
that would be difficult to reach even
for that massive dude we have also seen
manual elevators transporting horses up
and down
they can transport at least two horses
at once which would mean they could
facilitate up to 30 people as well
that's not too bad the problems would
only arise when people are in need to
conduct farming endeavors
but technically speaking you could also
transport soil up there as well
so if that isn't the problem then surely
the problem must be water
right well yes but that too could be
transported with the elevators
however that would take well it would
take quite some time and many times back
and forth
but i guess the point that i'm trying to
make here is that there are interesting
possibilities one might risk to take
fact is new ideas push the invention of
new technologies
for example if the given elevators could
be accelerated with the help of the same
gas mechanism that is used within the 3d
gear
we could ensure efficient commuting
between the ground and the top of the
walls
do you remember those ancient roman
waterways to aqueducts
that could be a sweet idea to distribute
water flow passing through every corner
up there
and since our population has enough gas
resources an artificial water pump could
see the light as well at some point
what do you think what are some of your
ideas that you can imagine the people of
the attack on titan universe could come
up with
share your thoughts below and if you
like this video do me a favor and smash
it like
and leave a subscribe thanks for
watching